docs(app, expo): clarify Expo install docs (#7343)
invertase/react-native-firebase: docs/index.md

If you're using an older version of React Native without autolinking support, or wish to integrate into an existing project,
you can follow the manual installation steps for [iOS](/install-ios) and [Android](/install-android).

---
## Expo

Integration with Expo is possible in both bare workflow and [custom managed workflow](https://docs.expo.io/workflow/customizing/) via [config plugins](https://docs.expo.io/guides/config-plugins/).

React Native Firebase cannot be used in the "Expo Go" app, because [it requires custom native code](https://docs.expo.io/workflow/customizing/).

### Expo Bare Workflow

If you're using [Bare Workflow](https://docs.expo.io/introduction/managed-vs-bare/#bare-workflow), please follow the above [Android Setup](/#2-android-setup) and [iOS Setup](/#3-ios-setup) steps.

### Expo Managed Workflow

> You must use a [custom development client](https://docs.expo.dev/clients/getting-started/). If starting a new app, you can run `npx create-react-native-app -t with-dev-client` to have this set up automatically. It will also allow you to use the Expo Application Service (EAS Build) do the Android and iOS builds.

Reviewer: Technically, using a dev client is not required. One could also choose to rebuild and reinstall their app after each change. Obviously it's strongly recommended to use a dev client, but I would slightly adjust the wording here to now use "must".

Author: Maybe this is a terminology thing, but by "custom dev client" I am differentiating from "Expo Go".  You MUST use a custom dev client.  Expo Go will not work with RNF.

I don't understand the difference between "custom dev client" (which the Expo docs call it and I linked to) vs. "their app" ?

> You must use a [custom development client](https://docs.expo.dev/clients/getting-started/). If starting a new app, you can run `npx create-react-native-app -t with-dev-client` to have this set up automatically. It will also allow you to use the Expo Application Service (EAS Build) do the Android and iOS builds.

Reviewer 2: I hear reasonable points on both sides, here's a slight tweak that emphasizes (again) that Expo Go doesn't work (hopefully will reduce the support burden here, people still try it!) and then suggests the dev client as the best workflow but without making it sound mandatory

```suggestion
Since Expo Go will not work with react-native-firebase, the suggested workflow is to use a [custom development client](https://docs.expo.dev/clients/getting-started/). If starting a new app, you can run `npx create-react-native-app -t with-dev-client` to have this set up automatically. It will also allow you to use the Expo Application Service (EAS Build) do the Android and iOS builds.
```

The `app.json` for integration that included the optional crashlytics and performance as well as the mandatory app plugin would look like this, customize based on which optional modules you use:

```json
{
  "expo": {
    "android": {
      "googleServicesFile": "./google-services.json"
    },
    "ios": {
      "googleServicesFile": "./GoogleService-Info.plist"
    },
    "plugins": [
      "@react-native-firebase/app",
      "@react-native-firebase/perf",
      "@react-native-firebase/crashlytics"
    ]
  }
}
```

> Listing config plugins (the `"plugins"` array in the JSON above) is only required for React Native Firebase modules that involve native installation steps - e.g. modifying the Xcode project, `Podfile`, `build.gradle`, `AndroidManifest.xml` etc. React Native Firebase packages without native steps will work out of the box.  Not all packages have Expo config plugins provided yet. A React Native Firebase module has config plugin support if it contains an `app.plugin.js` file in its package directory.

> For iOS only, please use [expo-build-properties](https://docs.expo.dev/versions/latest/sdk/build-properties/#pluginconfigtypeios) to turn on `use_frameworks` by adding the following entry to their `plugins` array in `app.json`:

Reviewer: nitpick: Maybe we want to mention that `firebase-ios-sdk` requires `use_frameworks`, so that users know why they turn it on.
